pages/guides/combat.mdx, before:

# Combat Guide

Mvndicraft's combat system focuses around 4 main features:

- Crafting
- Stamina
- Weight
- Attack/Defence Types <br/>

Each of these features will be briefly explained on this page.

# Defence Types

When you hover over a weapon (before or after crafting it), you will notice it <br/>
mentions 4 defence types: `THRUST` , `REGULAR/NORMAL` , `STRIKE` & `SLASH`. <br/>

When you are attacked with a weapon, the only defence type that will matter is <br/>
the one of the weapon used (attack types are the same). If you were to be hit with a <br/>
mace that deals 10 Damage in `STRIKE` , and your armor would overall provide little to no <br/>
`STRIKE` defence, you would die after two hits. A player has a maximum health of 20. <br/>

When not knowing your enemy's weapon and armor supply, it is best to wear an armor type that <br/>
protects you from any attack type EQUALLY. <br/>

# Weight

Each armor and weapon piece has a specific weight. The more armor you wear and the more weapons <br/>
you carry, the slower you walk on foot. Weight can be read on the equipment piece's lore text, just like <br/>
every information about the equipment. <br/>
If you weigh too much you can't swim.

# Stamina

Stamina is only active while in combat with another player. This stops you from endlessly spam jumping <br/>
during PvP, aswell as other actions, since everything you do (including sprinting) during combat depletes <br/>
your stamina. <br/>

To regenerate stamina, you need to either stand still, or walk without sprinting or jumping. <br/>
The speed of stamina regeneration and depletion is based on your Weight. <br/>

The more weight that is on you, the slower you regenerate and easier you deplete stamina. <br/>
The less weight that is on you, the faster you regenerate and harder you deplete stamina. <br/>

# Crafting

Each equipment piece has a custom recipe. Use `/recipes` ingame to view all the recipes, <br/>
and click on the category your weapon falls into. <br/>

# Damage Formula

It's like Dark Souls <br/>

![damage_formula](https://github.com/darthpeti/mvndi-docs/assets/26354814/ff96c7d8-e70a-4692-ba41-eb39d6d9957a)

Commit message:

throwing weapons and waypoints update

pages/guides/combat.mdx, after:

# Combat Guide

Mvndicraft's combat system focuses around 4 main features:

- Crafting
- Stamina
- Weight
- Attack/Defence Types <br/>

Each of these features will be briefly explained on this page.

# Defence Types

When you hover over a weapon (before or after crafting it), you will notice it <br/>
mentions 4 defence types: `THRUST` , `REGULAR/NORMAL` , `STRIKE` & `SLASH`. <br/>

When you are attacked with a weapon, the only defence type that will matter is <br/>
the one of the weapon used (attack types are the same). If you were to be hit with a <br/>
mace that deals 10 Damage in `STRIKE` , and your armor would overall provide little to no <br/>
`STRIKE` defence, you would die after two hits. A player has a maximum health of 20. <br/>

When not knowing your enemy's weapon and armor supply, it is best to wear an armor type that <br/>
protects you from any attack type EQUALLY. <br/>

# Weight

Each armor and weapon piece has a specific weight. The more armor you wear and the more weapons <br/>
you carry, the slower you walk on foot. Weight can be read on the equipment piece's lore text, just like <br/>
every information about the equipment. <br/>
If you weigh too much you can't swim.

# Stamina

Stamina is only active while in combat with another player. This stops you from endlessly spam jumping <br/>
during PvP, aswell as other actions, since everything you do (including sprinting) during combat depletes <br/>
your stamina. <br/>

To regenerate stamina, you need to either stand still, or walk without sprinting or jumping. <br/>
The speed of stamina regeneration and depletion is based on your Weight. <br/>

The more weight that is on you, the slower you regenerate and easier you deplete stamina. <br/>
The less weight that is on you, the faster you regenerate and harder you deplete stamina. <br/>

# Crafting

Each equipment piece has a custom recipe. Use `/recipes` ingame to view all the recipes, <br/>
and click on the category your weapon falls into. <br/>

# Throwing weapons

For throwing weapons like the francisca axe you can toggle their mode by crouching and right clicking. <br/>
When a throwing weapon is in throwing mode you left click to throw it.

# Damage Formula

It's like Dark Souls <br/>

![damage_formula](https://github.com/darthpeti/mvndi-docs/assets/26354814/ff96c7d8-e70a-4692-ba41-eb39d6d9957a)
